Improve API 4.0 documentation (#2812)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/equivalence.rst

Equivalence table
-----------------

> As Wazuh API 4.0 introduces several changes to existing endpoints it is important to review those changes in case of migration from API ``3.x`` to ``4.0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh API 4.0 introduces several changes to existing endpoints. It is therefore important to review those changes when migrating to ``4.0``.
```
